Documentation improvements (#145)
Stormbase/django-otp-webauthn: docs/faq.rst

Why can't I register my YubiKey or security key when passwordless login is turned on?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you’re trying to use a ``YubiKey`` or a similar security key with passwordless

> login enabled, you may run into registration issues. This is because when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re trying to use a ``YubiKey`` or a similar security key with passwordless
login enabled, then you might run into registration issues. This is because when
```
